== README

##What is it?

This is a Slack bot that will let the GDS Core team know when Pull Requests need to be reviewed, and send them a reminder when there are Pull Requests that have been sitting there for too long. It is my first 20% project at GDS.


## Diary of how this app was built

10th April:
- Finalised what the app does:
    - Hourly, checks if any pull requests are over 6 hours old (angry seal)
    - at 9.45am prepares an overview of all pull requests that need reviewing (informative seal)
    - when a team member posts a new pull request, publishes it on slack (notification seal)

- Researched what technologies and gems I could use and what the app structure would be like
- Started the Rails app

17th April:
- researched github_api

24th April:
- got github_api working, first test with dummy data passing

1st of May
- got github_listener to take into account organisations

8th of May:
- tried stubbing Github API

15th of May:
- Github listener can now return the list of repos of an organisation
- further attempts to stub GithubAPI using these methods: https://robots.thoughtbot.com/how-to-stub-external-services-in-tests.

21st of May:
- Building Sinatra app for stubbing
- Attempts to filter the 3,400 repo list by date the repo was modified - tests (and app) are still very slow

28th of May:
- Due to new team structure that assigns a list of repos to each team, decided the manually enter the list of repos that belong to a team instead of scanning through all of them. That should sort the speed problem, the stubbing problem, a lot of things.
- moved to a non-Rails app to make it lighter
- got Github to list repos; works for my personal pull requests, but doesn't work with the GOV.UK stuff yet, need to figure out why

5th of June:
- Github fetcher class now works with organisations, hence GOV.UK stuff

11th of June:
- Stubbed Github API

12th of June:
- Github Fetcher now also returns the link to the pull request
- Started Slackbot poster class, it can post to Slack
- Started Message builder class, not finished

13th of June:
- finished Slackbot poster class
- finished Message builder class
- added name of repo to info sent by GithubFetcher
- added options to the Slackbot poster class so each post comes from informative seal
- Works locally in test room. YEAY!

17th of June:
- refactoring of Github fetcher
- pushed to Heroku

18th of June:
- started Heroku scheduler and launched on core-formats team room!

26th of June:
- launched on finding-stuff team
- investigated adding comments

3rd of July:
- launched on custom team
- added comments
- investigating angry seal - stuck by a strange syntax error line 34 when trying to run the script

10th of July
- Extracted config information to yaml files
- fixed informative seal - mood_hash was causing issues

17th of July
- Angry Seal!

To be done:
- fix API stubbing
- do not display [DO NOT MERGE] pull requests?

Potential additional features:
- angry seal post when PRs forgotten about
- add age of pull requests

How to find out list of alphagov repos modified within the last year:
In irb, from the folder of the project, run:
```
require "./lib/github_fetcher.rb"
@github = Github.new oauth_token: ENV['GITHUB_TOKEN'], auto_pagination: true
response = @github.repos.list org:"alphagov"
array = []
repos_response.each do |repo|
date = repo.updated_at
array << repo.name if Date.parse(date) > Date.new(2015,5,5)
end
array
```
`array` returns the value of the repos modified since the 5th of May.
## CRC

Github fetcher:
- queries Github's API

Message Builder:
- produces message from Github API's content

Slack Poster:
- posts message to Slack

Trello board: https://trello.com/b/sgakJmlY/moody-seal
